

 Name : Classic Baked Acorn Squash

 Description : The weather has finally decided to cool down around here and the first acorn squash have appeared at our local farmers market. Acorn squash are wonderfully easy to prepare – just cut them in half, scoop out the seeds, add a little brown sugar and/or maple syrup, and bake for a little over an hour. From Google Definitions,
Choose squash that are heavy for their size and have a hard, deep-colored rind free of blemishes or moldy spots. The hard skin of a winter squash protects the flesh and allows it to be stored longer than summer squash. It does not require refrigeration and can be kept in a cool, dark place for a month or more, depending on the variety. Once the seeds are removed, winter squash can be baked, steamed or simmered. They’re a good source of iron, riboflavin and vitamins A (more than summer squash) and C.


 Header : Classic Baked Acorn Squash Recipe
			65 Comments		

 Preparation Time : 10 minutes

 Name : 1 hour, 15 minutes

 Ingredients : 1 Acorn squash1 Tbsp Butter2 Tbsp Brown Sugar2 teaspoons Maple SyrupDash of Salt

 Recipe Instructions : 1 Preheat oven to 400°F.
2 Using a strong chef's knife, and perhaps a rubber mallet to help, cut the acorn squash in half, lengthwise, from stem to end. Use a spoon to scoop out the seeds and stringy stuff in the center of each half. Score the insides of each half several times with a sharp knife. Place each half in a baking pan, cut side up. Add about a 1/4 inch of water to the bottom of the baking pan so that the skins don't burn and the squash doesn't get dried out.
3 Coat the inside of each half with 1/2 a Tbsp of butter. Add a dash of salt if you are using unsalted butter. Add a Tbsp of brown sugar to the cavity of each half. Dribble on a teaspoon of maple syrup to each half.
4 Bake in the oven for 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes, until the squash is very soft and the tops are browned. Do not undercook. When finished, remove from oven and let cool a little before serving. Spoon any buttery sugar sauce that has not already been absorbed by the squash over the exposed areas.


 Yield : Serves 2 to 4, depending on how much squash you like to eat.

